feat(metric): add metric query (#160)
propeldata/ui-kit: app/storybook/documentation/ui-kit/api/MetricInput.mdx

import { ArgTypes, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'
import * as MetricInputStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/helpers/graphql/stories/MetricInput.stories'

<Meta title="API/MetricInput" of={MetricInputStories} />

# `MetricInput`

> **Note:** The properties below are mutually exclusive due to the `@oneOf` directive. Only one of these properties should be provided for a valid `MetricInput`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The properties below are mutually exclusive. Only one of these properties should be provided for a valid `MetricInput`.
```

> import { ArgTypes, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'

Reviewer 2: This also looks wrong.
<img width="985" alt="image" src="https://github.com/propeldata/ui-kit/assets/55801864/3609104d-9d2a-4afc-ade3-0a9d05929b23">

We should show type names instead of dashes, e.g. for `average` description should be:
```
An ad hoc Average Metric.
[AverageMetricQueryInput](http://localhost:6006/?path=/story/api-averagemetricqueryinput--overview)
```

Like we do in other places
<img width="958" alt="image" src="https://github.com/propeldata/ui-kit/assets/55801864/b18eca62-8df9-4e5f-970d-f75d9961f047">

I would also suggest keeping the API pages simple, for example, by omitting the references list at the bottom. Since the links are hardcoded, there's a risk of them becoming outdated quickly. It's not a problem to manually find a proper API page (at least we provide them 😄 ).

> import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'
> import * as MetricInputStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/helpers/graphql/stories/MetricInput.stories'
> 
> <Meta title="API/MetricInput" of={MetricInputStories} />
> 
> # `MetricInput`
> 
> <ArgTypes of={MetricInputStories} sort="alpha" />
> 
> See the documentation below for a complete reference to all of the props mentioned here.
> 
> - <LinkTo kind="API/AverageMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     AverageMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>
> - <LinkTo kind="API/CountMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     CountMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>
> - <LinkTo kind="API/CountDistinctMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     CountDistinctMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>
> - <LinkTo kind="API/CustomMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     CustomMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>
> - <LinkTo kind="API/MaxMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     MaxMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>
> - <LinkTo kind="API/MinMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     MinMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>
> - <LinkTo kind="API/SumMetricQueryInput" story="overview">
>     SumMetricQueryInput
>   </LinkTo>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { ArgTypes, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import * as MetricInputStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/helpers/graphql/stories/MetricInput.stories'

<Meta title="API/MetricInput" of={MetricInputStories} />

# `MetricInput`

> **Note:** The properties below are mutually exclusive due to the `@oneOf` directive. Only one of these properties
> should be provided for a valid `MetricInput`.

<ArgTypes of={MetricInputStories} sort="alpha" />

```
